it's just very whack and honestly if you
like looked at the game you'd be like is
this a bronze 5 game if you weren't like
following up with League what's the
first day of the summer split I'm joined
right now by bio frost-covered presented
by Omni slash talked a little bit about
League of Legends know you guys
unfortunately lost to TSM but it did
feel like there's a pretty good chance
that you guys could beat them throughout
that game when did things start to go
wrong like how did you end up losing we
just had this one team fight before
baron that we ended up losing they got
baron i think we were like ahead like 6k
gold before that and we did pretty good
job snowballing it was just up till that
point that I know boozing the teamfight
and it kind of just went around for us
how have things been going on behind the
scenes that CLG because last split it
seemed like there's a lot of confidence
going into the start of this plate and
then there was a pretty big losing
situation is that is it different now
yes hopefully I'm really hoping that we
don't end up going on like a 10 game
losing streak but overall this way it
has been a lot better of course we
haven't really finished split yet but
the preparation going into the split I
feel like we're really prepared we've
been practicing a lot so like we've been
putting in the effort so if we kind of
don't like make it then then well we did
all we could you know but we've
definitely been putting in the effort
and trying really hard what are you guys
doing differently well we have a new
training facility that definitely helps
us we've been triple blocking whenever
we can and kind of just being more I
guess focused so we definitely have like
the previous splits like errors kind of
look back upon and kind of like fix so
all of those typists like things that
went wrong the previous split we all
like kind of looked at and we're like oh
we're not gonna do this again what
what's the new training facility like
the new training facility is really nice
it's pretty big and we have like
cafeteria we have like our even our
academy of teams there as well it's like
10 minutes from where I live so we just
drive there every morning
drive back it's kind of like a workplace
yeah I've heard I've heard that you guys
have tried to kind of emulate the LCS
set up a little bit
oh yeah we have these sleds that's what
they're called it's not like an actual
like slave they're basically like the
LCS setup and it's pretty cool now what
what's going on with the shot-caller
situation cuz I talked to you briefly
during the break and you made it sound
like maybe something because you were
the shot-caller at the end of last split
yeah so now we just don't have a shop
lawyer I guess like we have five
everyone has like equal footing and they
just communicate wherever we want I
think personally the system is a lot
better because our communication just
flows a lot better I think in the TSM
game are the least of our issues was
communication it was just about
executing what do you think of the the
meta stuff the men is pretty crazy
actually if you looked at our game you
wouldn't think that it was patched 8.11
other than having like a react amid but
people were playing some really crazy
stuff like I've seen like heimerdinger
you carry all Aguada mirror it's just
very whack and honestly if you like
looked at the game you'd be like is this
a bronze five game if you weren't like
following up with League but people are
just playing whatever you want and it's
just about like what people think it's
the best and everyone has like a
different opinion about it so you just
have like a bunch of people playing
really random stuff do you like the
difference in all this do you feel like
it's cool because I know like the theory
I've heard is that veterans love it
because it gives them something new to
play after like six years and that like
more new people don't like it as much
because it forces them to like really
learn a bunch of stuff and step outside
their comfort zone
I think it's a pro player it's kind of
stressful because if you imagine it from
the ad carry's point of view it's like
okay I've been ad carry further like
majority of my pro career and now I'm
suddenly forced to play like bruisers or
mages but being a parent is about like
being able to adapt it's just a little
bit stressful because we kind of have to
learn like new matchups everything
everything is like really new whereas if
I was playing it for fun I'd be like
okay you know new stuff right it's this
is cool but that's the support I don't
really get to experience as much but I
feel bad for the ad carry players
all right I want to talk to you about
the NA LCS PA of which you are a
treasurer is this true yeah I am as a
treasurer or what are your duties what
do you do well my main duties are taking
minutes like notes and handling budget
as well as like just being an executive
member for like all decision making of
course we haven't like started our first
meeting yet we just had the voting go in
but we definitely want to make it a lot
more legitimate and be a part of like be
something that the players can kind of
rely on as like a resource so I asked
Peter how you end up has ended up as
treasurer he said he nominated you to
meme and you took it
yeah well Peter was just like I not
money Vinson I'm like okay
I mean sure and then I gave a speech now
I got nominate and then I got I got it
what did you plan the speech no I wasn't
even planning on giving a speech and it
was just like I just went up and gave
his speech I mean I also nominated Peter
yeah Peter said he took it because you
had said yes and so he felt like he had
to say yes yeah of course I mean it's
not fair if he said no okay do you feel
like who will do a better job you as
treasurer or Peter as vice president I
mean Peter has a lot of saying like but
the players because he's been said like
a veteran for so long but I'm pretty
confident doing my duties well because
I've done it before it was all you've
been a treasurer before yeah I have been
I have I was a treasured in high school
but obviously it's a little bit
different now because we're in the real
world very good
did you I really want to know what the
speech was what'd you say in the speech
I just said that I'm confident giving
players something that they're gonna
trust and all that good stuff like make
America great again all that you just
borrowed the Donald Trump style of
speech making I mean I just basically
copy Trump speech and took it who he
actually copied from another person oh
no that was in fact it was Melania yeah
very political right now like your
glasses are they new no I have I've had
these for a while but I normally don't
wear them is there anything you wanna
say to me out there I'm sorry for the
first game will do better thank you so
much for the interview Vincent really
good to chat with you for everyone else
you check out the rest my coverage of
all things eSports right here on my
youtube channel
this is she's the woman that does all
the emotes for my twitch channel and she
says she only does it for people who
were actually very popular so if you
don't sub to my channel and watch my
videos she said that she's never gonna
do any more emotes her my twitch channel
see look she's already leaving because
I'm becoming less popular she's looking
for popular people to do emails for her
thanks so much to Omni slash but please
subscribe and go follow my twitch
channel which I also put the description
when she's gone